Look! Oi. stop!
Whoa. whoa. whoa! Wait! Wait. stop!
-Get Gary!
-What?
Oh. fuck. Fucking hell.
Ma'am?
-What's up. Clareese?
-You should see this.
-Geez. where is that?
-Building site in the Paddington Basin.
Oh.
We've got UXO in Westminster.
I'm just sending you
through the pictures now.
World War II.
Looks like a thousand pounder.
We need an 800-meter radius perimeter.
Morning. sir.
Morning. And I'll need you
there as liaison. sergeant.
Yes. sir.
Oh. and by the way. Norris called in sick.
so we've got Corporal Hanson standing in.
Aren't we lucky?
Might even learn a thing or two.
Get the police
onto the evacuation right away.
I'll head there now.
I'll see you on the dance floor.
We need to get onto Westminster
City Council Emergency Planning.
-Transport Police. TFL.
-Yes.
And the mayor.
Everyone to Hyde Park. quickly and calmly.
This area is being evacuated.
Please make your way calmly to Hyde Park.
All residents. head towards Hyde Park.
-Rahimullah.
-This area is being evacuated.
You can take your coats with you.
If you can make your way
down the stairs for me. please. guys.
An old bomb's been discovered
on a building site nearby.
We're evacuating.
This area is being evacuated.
Nice and calm. everybody. Thank you.
Please leave the area
as quickly as possible.
Yes. I completely understand that. sir.
We're shutting down the whole square mile.
It's nothing personal.
Where are we going?
-Get the elevator.
-No one ever tells me what's going on.
Please make your way
to the safe zone in Hyde Park.
Stay in touch. bro.
See ya.
-Look after them.
-Yeah.
What happens if we miss our flight?
Thank you very much. sir.
Corporal.
Hi. I'm Gary. I'm the foreman.
I can show you. mate. Just over here.
Right. Okay.
Need a better vantage point.
Is that building safe?
Yes. mate.
Okay.
Could it. like. blow any minute?
Theoretically. yes.
-We'll need to get that drained. corporal.
-Yes. sir.
-Is that your cabin?
-Yeah.
-Mind if we use it?
-Help yourself.
-Thanks. Gary. You can go now.
-Thank Christ.
Right. we'll make that our ICP.
So I wanna get some protection
built around it.
Sappers to go behind there.
and we'll meet with the suits in the ICP.
Hold on. Slow down. Where are you off to?
I have to get my laptop.
-Straight on.
-Sorry.
Sir? Sir? Where are you going?
Come back! We've got a resident
running down the street.
I said--
Oh. God.
So this is the same size of bomb
as the controlled explosion
in Exeter two years ago.
As you can see.
if it blows before we contain it.
you'll be very glad
the cordon was in place.
Hardeep Gill.
Westminster Council Emergency Planning.
Sorry. I'm late. The traffic.
Is this a big bomb? Like a biggie?
-Yes. it is.
-Oh. God.
Well. running right under
the building site here.
there's a 400-kilovolt mains cable.
We're going to have to cut off
the power around the whole area
-until the bomb is neutralized.
-Right.
I want the power off
for as short as possible.
Chief superintendent. It'd be good
to get access to relevant police comms
-around the cordon.
-No problem.
Sergeant Keane will stay in close contact.
Right. Thank you. Major.
Yeah. I'll try to make things
as smooth as possible.
Break a leg. or whatever you guys say.
"Don't be shit." That's what we say.
This area has been evacuated.
If you can hear this announcement.
please make yourself
known to us immediately.
This area has been evacuated.
If you can hear this announcement.
please make yourself
known to us immediately.
It's definitely a 500.
Can't tell from here
if it's an SD or an SC. so...
-Hanson. Wardy.
-Yeah?
-Let's get the fucking water out. can we?
-Sir.
Here you are. Take that.
-What fucking good would that do?
-Protect your ego.
-Right. You ready?
-Sir.
Well. go on. then. And don't be shit.
I won't. sir.
Right. that'll be the mains shut down.
This is Sergeant Keane reporting.
We have started pumping water
from around the bomb.
We'll report back when
we make our next step.
Roger that.
Cordon secure.
You are authorized to proceed.
Nothing's moving.
We're on.
Tony. take it a bit lower.
Thanks.
Hold it there. Tony.
Go to thermal.
Switch back.
It's a fucking fox.
All right. mate?
Got alarms going off
in shops on Edgware Road.
They're going off everywhere. mate.
The power's been cut.
Whole place has been evacuated
for an old bomb.
What. so I can't get through at all?
It's shut down everywhere.
There's nothing I can do.
-All right. cheers.
-All right. Thanks. mate. Okay.
That's water drained. sir.
Good.
Don't get your knickers in a twist.
It's not for now.
It's a little tradition of mine.
for when we're done.
I'm not gonna force you.
You okay?
Yeah.
I think we might need that clockstopper.
-Sir.
-Right.
-Do you know what that is?
-Yes. I do. sir. Checked it on Monday.
-Right. yeah. You know where you put it?
-Yeah.
-All right. Go fucking get it.
-Aye. sir.
Fucking hell.
G.
Alpha Hotel 27.
do a quick sweep of the cordon. please.
Roger that. Gold.
I just need your signature
on this. please. ma'am. Thank you.
Stop the work.
Got a drive-by.
Fuck.
-Is there anything out there?
-There's nothing going on out here.
It looks like the apocalypse.
-You definitely got everything up. yeah?
-Yes. ma'am.
Just a routine check.
Carry on.
All right. get the stethoscope
-as close as you can.
-Sir.
-Just leave it down there for me.
-Aye. sir.
Don't be shit. sir.
The major is at the bomb and ready
to assess the condition of the fuze.
Checking all clear?
Alpha Hotel 27?
Leave the cordon immediately.
EOD are starting work.
Roger that. Gold. we're on our way.
All right there. Doots? Can you hear me?
Just doing the final check. sir.
Ready when you are.
There we go.
Right. there's the impact fuze.
Twelve o'clock. Aluminum.
Not rotted away. Transit plug.
Oh. fucking hell.
That's a bit more complicated.
Right. Do you hear that. Doots? Time fuze.
Attaching mic steth.
Fucking hell. it's ticking.
Clear! Hard cover. now!
Hard cover!
Move. move. move!
Unexpected development.
There's a second fuze and a timer.
and it's active.
These were designed to create
maximum terror and confusion.
It could detonate any minute
for the next 48 hours.
Deploying clockstopper!
The major will deploy
a magnetic clockstopper
to inhibit the fuze.
Oh. fuck.
Nobody fucking move!
Heads down!
Right. corporal. green light!
Brace. brace. brace!
Switching on!
Right. all clear!
Corporal. start building
that mitigation wall!
-Jump up. mate.
-Get back to it.
The timer has been stopped
and the bomb made temporarily safe.
So now we're gonna build
the mitigation wall
for a controlled explosion.
This can take up to five hours.
So it would be great
if we could get some pizza in.
-We hit steel.
-Copy.
Okay. Put it down.
Oh. these are beautiful horses.
Beautiful horses.
Didn't really know what to get.
-So we just got everything on the menu.
-Ta.
What is Martin doing?
Everyone out.
All right.
what's going on. corporal?
There's something weird here. sir.
Go on. then.
There's a shiny bit on the bomb casing
where the rust came off.
Probably where the digger hit it.
It's over 80 years old.
so the whole thing should be rust. right?
Well. not necessarily.
It's got an active time fuze.
so it's obviously well preserved.
It's quite the anomaly.
Back to work!
-G?
-Yes?
We're in.
Fuck. yes!
Too heavy. Cash and light jewelry only.
Wardy.
-Like it's brand new.
-That's weird.
Sir. I really think
you should come and have a look at this.
Sorry to keep mentioning this. sir.
Shall we--
It's fucking ticking!
All right. cover. now! Go. go. go!
Wardy. move it! Kris. let's go!
Go. go! Get your head down.
It just started ticking
about ten seconds ago.
-Clockstopper's malfunctioned.
-Power's still working.
Well. something clearly isn't. is it?
Go get the S-SET. corporal.
Put it there.
Right. Method J.
-Are you sure. sir?
-What choice have I got. Doots?
-Permission to speak--
-No. Get your fucking head down.
Control. the timer fuze is active again
and the bomb is no longer stable.
The major will drill the fuze
then apply a solution
to clog the mechanism.
This is our last option.
Understood.
Right. Doots.
I'm starting to drill.
Right. that's the drilling commenced.
Ma'am. look at this.
This is the drone's POV.
This is where the bomb guys are.
They have a generator running
to power their equipment.
so I assume that hotspot is theirs.
So. what's that?
The electricity is cut in the area.
That shouldn't be there.
Ma'am?
EOD! Stop the operation.
Stop? Can you confirm
we are to stop. ma'am?
Confirm stop.
Hold the fucking drilling!
Are you fucking kid--?
That is a hold on drilling.
Can we have some more information. please?
We detected a heat signature
inside the cordon.
We need to investigate.
We think people could still be there.
Right. The police have detected
an unidentified heat source.
Chief superintendent. what's going on?
Sorry. major.
But we've had to send a car in.
We'll relay police radio now
to keep you in the loop.
I'm in the middle
of a very dangerous procedure.
I haven't even finished
the mitigation wall.
Which means if the bomb detonates.
I don't even have to tell you
how bad that's gonna be.
I understand. major.
but we can't risk injury to the public.
We'll be as quick as we can.
Got you.
-Is that it?
-Yeah.
Hey. put it on the trolley.
Huh? All right.
Corporal!
Get into hard cover now!
Get in!
Right. explain yourself.
Clockstopper malfunctioned. sir.
It's my responsibility.
You're risking your life
next to live ordinance.
That's fucking ticking.
I mean. what are you thinking?
-Mate. it's a bit of kit. all right?
-Mm-hmm.
It's not worth your life.
Stay in hard cover. will you?
Please?
Cops. cops. cops. Quiet as fucking mice.
This is Alpha Hotel 32.
We're commencing the search
of Portlea Place.
No suspicious activity so far.
Let's check an entrance now.
All right. entrance is locked.
We're gonna check the surrounding area.
Just fucking tick. tick. tick.
All right. boys.
Let's get a move on. Quietly.
The heat signature
seems to have disappeared.
Major. stand by for clearing the cordon
and then you can get back to work.
Alpha Hotel 32.
Exit the cordon as soon
as you've completed your check.
Excuse me. sir. You can't be back here.
The whole area's been evacuated.
It isn't safe. sir.
Can you come back towards here. please?
-Sir?
-Oi! Stop!
Cops are here! Go. go. go!
Nah. it's locked.
-Gonna get the bolt cutters.
-Yeah. Sir!
Non-compliant white male
running inside Portlea House.
We're attempting entry.
Dump your tools.
Get the fuck out of there.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
Go get your fucking helmet on. Put it on!
Police cordon's been breached.
There's nothing we can do.
Just get your head down. Cover your ears.
This thing could go any second.
-Get that. Earl? Cover your ears!
-Yes. sir!
-Yes.
-Right. watch your hand.
Doots. get on the deck. now.
Entering the back gate now. In pursuit.
Ticking's stopped!
Get ba--
Shit!
-All right. you all right?
-Yeah.
-Corporal! Head count!
-We're all good. sir.
-Eazzi?
-We're all right. boss.
Doots.
-Can you hear me?
-Yeah.
-I need to see the bag.
-It's in here. sealed.
-I need to check the gear. come on.
-Cops are out there!
-What. you don’t trust me?
-Doesn't matter about the fucking cops.
They're out back. The car's empty.
Mate. you okay? Newman?
I think I broke my ribs.
Happy?
Very happy. Stick to the plan.
Yeah. you too. dickhead.
Requesting backup.
This is an active message.
-PC Newman is injured.
-Get an ambulance there. now.
EOD. are you receiving me? Over.
This is Gold. Are you receiving me? Over.
EOD here.
We're all okay. Just a bit shaken.
Glad to hear your voice.
Cordon. injuries.
There's no major injuries to report here.
What about in the cordon?
One of the officers
in the cordon is injured.
Awaiting confirmation
on any non-compliant individuals.
Come on!
Ah. fuck.
You all right?
Joel. can you bring that one up
and play it back?
Maybe they were working
underground and didn't hear the warnings?
Find the exact location
and send someone out there.
Yes. ma'am.
-Go.
-It's not working.
-What do you mean?
-That's not working.
-What do you mean it's not working?
-What's going on here?
-Fuck. Swap. okay?
-All right.
Sometimes this happens. all right.
The blades stick.
I'll take yours. you take mine.
Right. now box.
-You okay. my friend?
-Yeah.
-Okay. I'm up.
-Good.
Okay. All right.
Stay with him.
Ambulance is on its way.
Yeah. soon as you can.
Look. Come on. man. The bomb's gone off.
There's no threat.
I understand. but you have
to wait a little longer. okay?
Going down.
Let's go!
Ambulance is on its way. mate.
-Can I go after them?
-Yeah. Go. go.
Go. go. go! Run. run. run!
This is Alpha Hotel 27.
Men seen running out of Portlea House.
We're in pursuit.
Get me SCO19 on the line.
-We need to stand up some firearms.
-Right away.
Take us back! Take us back!
Approaching the tent.
-You good?
-Yeah. but police turned up.
-We stick to the plan. yeah?
-Yep.
Quiet. quiet!
Torch. radio off. Go. go. go.
This way.
Follow me.
In here. quick.
Check down there.
Clear! Come!
-G. where are you?
-Two minutes left and we go.
With or without them.
That's what we agreed.
G. come in. Come in. We gotta go. G.
Fucking...
Get off me. man!
Get the fuck off me! Fuck!
Thanks. lads.
Me water's back on again. Nice one.
Enjoy the cake. I made it for you.
-The cake's for us?
-Meself. yeah.
-Here. take this.
-Thank you.
-Little something.
-Cheers.
It's open. Let’s go!
Fuck it. Go.
Clear!
Hate to bang on. sir.
And I don't wanna step out of line.
but perhaps they should test
the explosive chemical signature.
They don't test
World War II bombs. corporal.
-'Cause there's nothing to test.
-That's my point. sir.
I'm not 100% sure
it was a World War II bomb.
When I was down there.
I could see the level of corrosion
doesn't match up to anything
that we've seen in training.
Maybe we won't find a taggant.
but we might be able
to trace it back to somewhere.
-We might even see--
-Okay. okay.
We'll send it up the line
for further investigation. all right?
That's one for the police.
There's no harm in checking.
Fucking hell.
-Major Tranter here.
-Go ahead. major.
One of our team noticed
some possible anomalies with the bomb
you might wanna check out.
I'm sorry. what anomalies?
Well. we're not really sure.
so Forensics should help. but...
it's possible it may not have been
a genuine 1940s bomb.
I don't understand.
Nor do I to be honest.
So I recommend
you swab the explosive residue
for any chemical signature.
Post-detonation. our work here
is technically finished.
bar our clean-up and debriefing.
so it's over to you guys now.
Right. Thanks. We'll take it from here.
Disconnecting police comms now.
Be in touch if anything else comes up.
Oh. fuck!
Y. are you there? Y?
Alpha Whiskey 3458. Control.
I'm in the basement at 11 Portlea House.
There's a massive hole
been drilled into the wall of the cellar.
leading through into the vault of a bank
next to Portlea House on Edgware Road.
I think someone robbed the bank
during the evacuation.
-Repeat. I'm reporting a bank robbery.
-Excuse me.
Active message. It appears there's been
a massive bank job on Edgware Road.
I repeat. a bank job on Edgware Road.
What's happening with our flight?
-What's the problem?
-We won't miss our flight.
Checkpoint A.
Westway and Royal Oak.
Checkpoint B. Maida Vale
and Sutherland Avenue.
Checkpoint C. Edgware Road
and Bayswater Road.
Come in. copy.
Yes! Yes! Where are you?
Portobello Road and Westbourne Grove.
Meet them by the Westway. yeah?
Go to the bottom of Portobello Road...
-Say. "Under the Westway".
-Under the Westway.
Here. here.
-Christ.
-You stink. man!
What did you do. go for a swim?
Open a window. Fuck. I can taste it.
Go on.
Let's move the boxes to the back.
-There you go.
-What the fuck's that?
Cake.
Happy birthday to me. eh? Come on.
Oh. you mean this one?
You wanna check it again?
I don't wanna check it. I don't want--
If we get pulled over. I don't want
to fucking see it in the front.
Thank you very much.
That was too fucking close.
Fuck it. Slow down. slow down.
Oh. fucking showtime.
Shit. That way's done. Cut off.
We've just been working the sewer. boys.
Got the stench to prove it.
How you doing? Where you going today?
-Where's the paperwork?
-I've got the papers here.
Here.
Off you go.
Morning. sir.
Step outside the vehicle.
Thank you very much.
-Smells lovely in here. don't it?
-Been a busy day.
Excuse me. ma'am.
Look. London Water logo.
Get that out to all units.
Go. Clareese.
Press Office needs something
on new developments.
-No. not yet.
-Okay.
I need to see the crime scene.
Be on the lookout for
anything with a London Water logo on it.
Checkpoint Foxtrot here.
I think we let a water van through
a couple of minutes ago. heading west.
Yes. come on!
You fucking beauty!
Fuck. yeah!
Thanks.
Clareese. I need to know the names
of the owners of all flats
at Portlea House.
I'm especially interested in flat 79.
Boss!
Afternoon. colonel.
Thank you. corporal.
This is CFA General Minton.
Afternoon. general.
Major Tranter.
I'm the EOD operator on site today.
It could be hours
before they let anyone in.
We've got a flight at 6:00.
Can we just go get our bags?
We're just at Portlea House.
Just round the corner.
Sorry. you live at Portlea House?
-Yeah.
-Okay. you have to come with me.
-Why?
-We just need a witness statement
because of an incident at your address.
Okay? Under you come.
What's she saying?
You can bring your family. sir.
They're asking us to go with them.
Why?
What flat number were you again?
Seventy-nine.
Okay.
We have someone
who lives at Portlea House.
They live in flat 79.
Why didn't you immediately
report your concerns?
Sir. with respect. they were
more the corporal's concerns.
I was concentrating on trying
to make the bomb safe.
Still. you should have reported it.
But we know you're reluctant
to involve superiors
when it comes to decision making.
Major Tranter.
I was briefed about you on the way here.
Your past insubordination was mentioned.
but also the fact that
you lost some colleagues
under difficult circumstances.
Let's stick to the question. shall we?
Could you have reported
the anomaly earlier?
I was in a Category A situation
next to a live 500-kilogram bomb.
That was my priority. sir.
Police forensics have arrived.
Let's see what they come up with.
-Thank you. major.
-Yes. sir.
-Carry on.
-Thank you. sir.
Why are we in so much trouble?
What did we do to deserve this?
We're interviewing the family
whose storage unit was used.
Be there in a minute.
Fresh clothes.
Put your radios. your overalls.
all your stinky shit
and I'll burn it with the van.
You want us to strip off here?
Don't be shy.
I like gold. bro. what can I say?
Just something for me mom.
-Cheeky fuck.
-There you go. mate.
They don't have a translator.
but their son speaks really good English.
Water. anyone?
No thanks.
You need to tell them
about the workmen and the keys.
So it appears your apartment
may have been connected to a crime.
-Would you know anything about that?
-No.
Keys.
Rahimullah gave them keys.
Sorry. sorry. What keys?
Okay. so these two men.
they showed up at our door.
They were wearing blue overalls.
and they had all of these papers
from the landlord.
And they said they wanted
the keys to the cellar.
They wanted to put some building equipment
or something there.
And we gave them the keys.
Mr. Kazza--
Sorry. I don't know how to say this.
-Just call me Rahim. it's fine.
-Rahim. did they keep the keys?
Yeah. yeah. they kept the keys.
The keys. he...
My dad told me
-not to give them--
-Quiet!
Be quiet. He will tell them.
Hold on. Dad.
My dad told me not to give
them the keys. but...
Miss. like. how was I supposed
to know it's anything dodgy?
We're immigrants here.
People come with official papers
and we do what they say.
They asked for the keys.
so I gave them the keys. I was--
I had no idea it was something...
I understand. I understand.
We've lost the water van.
and no more sightings
and nothing from ANPR.
Okay. Release the cordons
and stand down the VCPs.
Copy that.
You can all go back in now.
Thank you very much. Okay. Thank you.
What the fuck are these?
These...
are premium uncut diamonds.
How did you know which box they'd be in?
What does it matter?
Well. he's the diamond guy. right?
It's a family thing.
We've been mining
these fuckers for generations.
So why are you robbing banks?
Families are complicated. eh?
Looks like a piece of glass. that.
Because they are uncut.
It means they aren't traceable.
But once they're cut...
we could be looking at 30 million.
-Seriously?
-Mm-hm.
Even split. yeah?
Would you mind if I go call my fence?
-I won't be long.
-Okay.
Does anyone want a beer?
-Yeah. definitely. bruv.
-Yeah.
Get the fuck down on the ground!
-Fuck you!
-Get the fuck down!
Come on!
Shit.
Get up.
Fucking piece of shit!
Fuck you! Fucking...
You're a cunt! You're fucking dead!
I can't stay long. Ludo.
No rum today then. boss?
Well. Corporal Hanson doesn't approve.
It's not my call. sir. It's fine.
All right. well. go and get some cups
before he changes his mind. yeah.
Lads. getting a drink.
You sure? I don't wanna
make you feel uncomfortable.
-No. boss.
-You haven't got your notebook out?
It's not one for the records?
Cups.
-Let's go.
-All right.
Sweet.
-There you go.
-Cheers.
Right. Thanks. lads. Thanks. everyone.
A little toast. to absent friends.
Absent friends.
Good job today. Wardy.
Cheers. sir.
It was good to work with you today. sir.
Cheers. Martin.
Yeah. well done. mate.
Here.
My dear cousin.
Well done.
Stay with us.
I fucking never trusted that guy.
You've been cleared to go up
into your apartment.
But just so you know.
there's no electricity in the whole area.
They say there's no electricity.
If there's no electricity.
the lift won't work.
How are we supposed
to get to the eighth floor?
What about the lift?
-You good. yeah?
-Yeah. Just one more.
-Watch out. son.
-Don't worry.
-Do you want to rest here?
-No. no. Keep going. Yeah.
Don't drop him.
How much are they really worth?
I'm not sure yet. Maybe. 4.2. I hope.
Come on.
What? You don't believe me?
How did you know
there were diamonds in the bank?
That's my job.
So you know whose diamonds you stole. huh?
-Uh-huh.
-Whose?
A man I used to work for.
A man I don't like very much.
-Why?
-Because he tried to kill me.
Really? Why?
You want to know?
We had a good deal going.
I would fly into conflict zones.
pick up under-the-radar stones.
I would smuggle them out on my person.
Deposit them in the bank.
And then for some reason...
he decided to fuck me.
So I'm fucking him back.
So this one was... up in your ass?
Not that one.
So can I keep it?
Fine. Take it.
Can I have another one?
We had a deal. all right?
You paid for the job. and I pay you back
with a fuck-ton of interest. all right?
Don't get greedy.
Are you going to tell me
how much this is worth?
What do you know
about diamonds. huh? Nothing.
Do you know how to move them? To cut them?
To sell them on the black market?
No. you don't know a fucking thing.
So leave the diamonds to me.
I've changed my mind.
I'll take 50% of everything.
That wasn't the arrangement. all right?
You keep all of this.
and I keep the stones.
-That was the agreement.
-Fifty percent is fair.
-That's not fair. Not fucking fair.
-This is fair.
-You did fuck-all for this!
-No. no. 50%.
-No 50%!
-Fifty percent.
Fifty percent!
The hardest substance on Earth. huh?
Wait. no...
You fuck!
They're fake.
They're all fucking fake.
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck!
This guy you worked for.
He changed the real gems with the fakes.
Because he knew you were coming. right?
They must have fucking...
Fucking followed me
or bugged my phone or... or...
got into my fucking e-mails.
One of those guys
must know something. all right?
One of those guys knows something.
You are fucking me somehow.
but I don't know how.
I'm not fucking you. man. all right?
I swear to you.
You're lying to me.
I'm not lying to you. man.
-Take him.
-I'm not lying to you.
Wait. wait. wait!
Wait! Wait. wait! Don't! Listen to me!
Wait! Fuck!
Wait. wait. wait! Listen to me.
So these...
-All these are fake?
-No. you've seen it. man.
You've seen it. This is all real.
No.
Left.
No. no. no!
Wait! Wait! You know me. man!
We're family. all right? You know me!
-Please. Please.
-You're fucking me somehow.
No. no. no! I'm not fucking you. man!
No! Fuck!
-Fuck!
-You're still not telling the truth.
Look at me.
I swear. man. I swear on my life.
I don't know where the stones are.
-Right.
-No. no! No. you fuck!
You motherfucker! Fuck! No!
No!
Okay.
It's okay.
-Let's take him to the workshop.
-No. no!
Fuck you. Ludo! Ludo!
Fuck! Wait!
Fuck! Ludo!
-You don't need to do this!
-You're fucking dead. G!
You're dead. you hear me!
Dead!
Ludo. listen to me. man!
I'm not getting in there. man.
Fuck that. Fuck you!
Fuck!
-Ludo!
-You shouldn't lie to me.
Ludo! Ludo! Fucking hell!
What about the others?
I'm gonna find you and fucking kill you!
No. I want to talk to them later.
-You're fucking dead. you slag!
-Ludo!
I don't know where they fucking are!
Ludo. man! Listen to me!
-Ludo!
-Come back!
Colonel Headley?
This is Chief Superintendent
Zuzana Greenfield.
I've received the results
of the bomb site soil tests.
Right.
Understood.
Fucking hell.
-Colonel.
-Major. The police called.
The results are back from forensics.
It was not a Second World War bomb.
The chemical signature
is clear and traceable.
-To where. sir?
-To us. to the army.
It's a fucking nightmare.
Report tomorrow at 0700.
Sir.
-Fuck!
-Help him!
Oh. God.
-You all right? Hey.
-Jumpstart the van.
Go on.
Fucking losing him. bruv!
Ah. yes!
-Yes!
-All right.
Fucking pump it!
You'll be okay.
I'm sorry. bro.
-You put a tracker on him?
-I put them in all your new clothes.
Don't trust any of you cunts.
Ludo. listen to me. man!
I'm not fucking you. all right?
Just pull the fucking car over!
We'll talk. okay?
We'll have a fucking conversation.
all right. man?
Ludo!
All good?
Ma'am. the owner of flat 79's nephew
was kicked out of the family firm
nine years ago.
And he has previous. both here and abroad.
I'm sending it through now.
Yes. sir. The company
that has the lease on the flats
is owned by the uncle of this man.
Giorgos. aka George Karalis.
He did six months in Pentonville.
His previous was in Belgium
for theft and diamond smuggling.
That's new.
I'd like to speak to
Chief Superintendent Greenfield.
Our equipment has been tampered with.
-Thank you very much. Have a great flight.
-Thank you.
Ludo! You know me!
We're fucking family. all right?
You remember that shit?
I've known you since you were
fucking ten years old. man. All right?
-Put some music.
-Pull the car over.
and we'll talk about it.
Ludo! You fucking greasy motherfucker!
Don't fucking do this to me!
Ludo!
Shit!
Go!
Get in front! Get in front!
Get out!
-Fuck!
-Huh? You!
Fucking hell! Careful!
Shit.
Fuck!
How are you. bruv?
Hey. boys! Am I glad to see you both. Hey.
Hey. listen. man.
I'm sorry. all right.
They fucking set me up.
so they could get the diamonds.
Fuck you! Fuck you. man!
Fuck you! Listen. you dumb fuck!
Listen to me!
I don't have the fucking things!
What did you think was gonna happen?
Listen...
Gotcha!
To all airports. international
train terminals. passport officials.
Giorgos Karalis. 30s. White.
Known to be traveling on either a Maltese
or South African passport.
To be arrested. immediately.
Hi there. Mackenzie. 229.
I'm afraid I forgot my key.
Okay. Of course. Mr. Mackenzie.
Do you have any ID at all?
Yeah. in my room. Yeah.
-Hi. corporal. Sergeant Palmer.
-Nice to meet you.
-Hi.
Could I get a ticket for Marrakesh.
the next flight. please?
There's my passport.
I know he's got some...
He's had some psychological problems.
-PTSD?
-Yeah. maybe. or...
Disenchantment?
He volunteered to stay
in Afghanistan. apparently.
The lads at the base said
that he was mad for it.
You know this guy?
No. I've never seen him before.
But him. I recognize.
Rahim.
He was Major Tranter's interpreter.
The major managed to get him
and his whole family over here to safety.
I've seen him at functions.
All roads lead to Afghanistan.
Karalis spent a year there
working in some gemstone mine.
Clareese. put out a U.K. border stop
for questioning on Major Tranter
-and Rahim Kadedadza.
-Yes. ma'am.
Karalis is at Heathrow.
He booked a flight to Marrakesh.
Attention please.
Final call for Air Turkey...
Passport. and that's my boarding pass.
-Enjoy your flight. Mr. Melville.
-Thank you.
Karalis is not on the flight to Marrakesh.
-He checked in. and then he vanished.
-Right.
And guess who the night
security guard was on the bomb site?
Payam Kadedadza. Rahim's brother.
Follow up on that.
We're just arriving
at Major Tranter's house now.
-Police!
Police!
-This one is clear!
-Ma'am.
Well. your bomb went off a little early.
The cops were all over you
like a fucking rash. mate.
-I had to make a decision.
-Yeah. well. you made the right one.
Thank you.
Did we get what we needed?
I think so. yeah.
Right.
What was that all about?
Things got a little ugly.
But I owe you my life. my friend.
It's okay.
So. what are you going to do next. eh?
I've got some ideas.
Some things I wanna clean up.
Maybe we do this again?
Are you out of your fucking mind?
Maybe.
-Salam alaykum. man.
-All right?
We good?
Thank fuck.
Are we ready?
-Fuck. yeah.
-Let's do it.
Our best price. For all of them.
There appears to be some
misunderstanding. gentlemen.
We'll take our business elsewhere.
Okay. okay. Please wait.
Okay.
Tell me when.
When.
Confirm.
It is done.
It's done indeed.
-Thank you.
Even split.
Right.
Let's go. boys. eh?
Oh. sorry.
Good luck.
Goodbye. my friend.
Fuck you. man.
Fuck off! All right.
-Eh?
-In the truck. now!
Listen to me. Listen to me. boys.
I have money. all right?
I have money. I can pay you. boys.
-Shut up.
-Okay. I can pay you. Listen--
Hey. you.
Fuck. Fuck!
If we clean up the bombs
they will tell us about
any enemy movement.
I'm gonna do everything I can
in order to clean up the area.
Thank the captain on our behalf.
-And "where is..."?
-"Chairta".
-Chairta. Chairta tor ghar?
-Yeah. It's good.
Shit. Terry.
Get cover. Now.
Fuck! Stop! Stop where you're walking.
I just stood on a pressure plate.
Shit. There's fucking IEDs everywhere.
Boss.
Who the fuck are they?
Fuck!
Stop! Look at me!
Stand there! Do not move!
We're surrounded by IEDs.
Who the fuck are you?
And what are you doing here?
-I work in the mines. Precious stones.
-Why are you tied up?
My boss is trying to fucking kill me. man!
-His bodyguards are taking me to him.
-I help you. you fucking help me.
I'll help you. man. I'll help you.
Hope I don't regret this.
Here. Take these snips.
Make your way around to that mound
and look for a big tub of explosives.
-Why can't you fucking do it. man?
-My foot's stuck on a pressure plate.
-So if I lift that. we're fucking dead.
-Right. right.
-What's your name?
-My name's Karalis.
Karalis. step over this wire.
We need to neutralize that IED.
-Understand?
-All right. all right.
Because on three.
I'm gonna cover you. all right?
One. two. three.
Fuck me. man!
-Rahim!
-Yeah?
-I need you to cover me. mate.
-No. boss. no gun.
Yes. you fucking can!
You've done the training now.
-What can you see?
-Nothing yet.
Start slowly digging around that area.
-Slowly.
-I see a yellow plastic box. huh?
So round there. there might
be a cable or a detonator.
Carefully now!
There's a fucking grenade here. man!
All right! Don't fucking touch that.
-Can you see a cable or a detonator?
-Fuck! Yes. I see a cable. man.
Trace that back to me.
I can't do this!
Look at me. We can do this together.
Right. just take your mind off it.
Tell me about your boss.
Fuck that guy. all right?
He fucking owes me.
and I'm gonna get fucking payback!
I'll fucking owe you one after this. mate.
So. let's pay him back then. yeah?
-Why the fuck are you here. eh?
-British Army. Bomb disposal.
Yeah. well. you missed one.
Nice one.
Hey. do you wanna get us out of here?
-Let's go then.
-Yeah. yeah. Fuck yeah!
All right. Rahim! Cover for him. now!
-I see a plastic tube covered in tape.
-Right. that's the detonator.
Cut both of them wires. one at a time.
All right.
Boss! I need ammo!
Just cut the other one!
Oh. fuck. no.
Rahim! We good?
-Fine.
-Karalis?
I like you. I wanna see these
fucking stones now. sexy.
Let's fuck. eh?
Rahim!